Wavefront installation and Configuration documentation (#264)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/1-installation/2-cloudfoundry/1-cf-cli.md

  - postgresSQL
```

#### Configuration for Wavefront

> If you have a Wavefront SaaS account you can enable the Task and Stream metrics integration you need to extend the Data Flow server manifest by adding following JSON to the `SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON` environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a Wavefront SaaS account, you can enable the Task and Stream metrics. For which, you need to extend the Data Flow server manifest by adding following JSON to the `SPRING_APPLICATION_JSON` environment variable:
```

```json
        "management.metrics.export.wavefront": {
                "enabled": true,
                "api-token": "<YOUR API Token>",
                "uri": "<YOUR WAVEFRONT URI>",

>                 "srouce": "your-scdf-cf-source-id"

Reviewer: typo: "source"

        },
        "spring.cloud.dataflow.applicationProperties": {
            "task.management.metrics.export.wavefront": {
                "enabled": true,
                "api-token": "<YOUR API Token>",
                "uri": "<YOUR WAVEFRONT URI>",

>                 "srouce": "your-scdf-cf-source-id"

Reviewer: typo

            },
            "stream.management.metrics.export.wavefront": {
                "enabled": true,
                "api-token": "<YOUR API Token>",
                "uri": "<YOUR WAVEFRONT URI>",

>                 "srouce": "your-scdf-cf-source-id"

Reviewer: typo

            }
        }
```

> Check the [Wavefront Actuator properties](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.3.1.RELEASE/reference/html/production-ready-features.html#production-ready-metrics-export-wavefront) for further details about the `management.metrics.export.wavefront.XXX` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Wavefront Actuator](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.3.1.RELEASE/reference/html/production-ready-features.html#production-ready-metrics-export-wavefront) endpoint for more details about the Wavefront-specific options supported through the `management.metrics.export.wavefront.XXX` properties.
```

Reviewer: Why are we pointing to `2.3.1.RELEASE`? Can you switch to `/current/` URL?
